Add sftp doc (#1671)
FlatFilers/Guides: learning-center/guides/sftp.mdx

---
title: "SFTP File Upload"
description: "upload files securely and efficiently to your Space"
icon: "file-import"
---

<Snippet file="shared/projects_only.mdx" />

## SFTP Process

> During an SFTP file upload, our system initiates a secure, automated workflow. The file is first transferred to our SFTP server using industry-standard encryption protocols, then seamlessly moved into your destination Space, and finally removed from the SFTP server once the transfer is confirmed successful.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to add a bit of explanation about what it is and why you'd want to use it

```suggestion
Flatfile's SFTP upload process allows you to transfer files directly into your Flatfile space using the industry-standard SFTP protocol. SFTP uploads are ideal for automated processes or handling very large files.

When you upload a file to Flatfile using SFTP, our system initiates a secure, automated workflow. The file is first transferred to our SFTP server using industry-standard encryption protocols, then seamlessly moved into your destination Space, and finally removed from the SFTP server once the transfer is confirmed successful.
```
